### 1) What is differences between ES5 and ES6 

* [ES5 Vs ES6 ](https://engineering.carsguide.com.au/es5-vs-es6-syntax-6c8350fa6998) - differences between ES5 and ES6

### 2) module.exports vs. export default in Node.js and ES6

* [module.exports vs. export](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/40294870/module-exports-vs-export-default-in-node-js-and-es6) - module.exports vs. export

java script
https://www.tutorialsteacher.com/javascript/prototype-in-javascript

### 3) What is use of this keyword in javascript
https://medium.com/quick-code/understanding-the-this-keyword-in-javascript-cb76d4c7c5e8

### 4) what is difference between call and apply
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_function_apply.asp

### 5) prototype in es 6
https://medium.com/@robertgrosse/how-es6-classes-really-work-and-how-to-build-your-own-fd6085eb326a

### 6) difference between extends and implements
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/10839131/implements-vs-extends-when-to-use-whats-the-difference

### 7) ES-6 and type script (Important)
https://codecraft.tv/courses/angular/es6-typescript/mapset/
https://exploringjs.com/es6/ch_overviews.html
http://es6-features.org/#TypedArrays

@Decorater in details
https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/decorators.html#method-decorators

### 8) difference between for in and for of 
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/29285897/what-is-the-difference-between-for-in-and-for-of-statements-in-jav/29286412

### 9) difference between var let and const 
https://dev.to/sarah_chima/var-let-and-const--whats-the-difference-69e

Basically it boils down to the const always pointing to the same address in memory. You can change the value stored in that address but cannot change the address the const is pointing too.
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/23436437/why-can-i-change-value-of-a-constant-in-javascript

https://codeburst.io/explaining-value-vs-reference-in-javascript-647a975e12a0

### 10) es interview question
https://www.educba.com/es6-interview-questions/

#### 11) sync and async differ 
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/16336367/what-is-the-difference-between-synchronous-and-asynchronous-programming-in-node

### 12) Interview Question 
https://blog.risingstack.com/node-js-interview-questions-and-answers-2017/

### 13)  Difference between Arrow Function and Normal Function in JavaScript?(important)
https://www.fullstacktutorials.com/interviews/javascript-es6-interview-questions-11.html
main
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/difference-between-regular-functions-and-arrow-functions/

### 14) DataType in java script  (Please follow my comment)
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/33273804/difference-between-primitive-and-non-primitive-datatypes-in-javascript/60248579#60248579

### 15) what is bind() in javascript
https://www.codementor.io/@niladrisekhardutta/how-to-call-apply-and-bind-in-javascript-8i1jca6jp

### 16 sprade operater and rest paramter
https://scotch.io/bar-talk/javascripts-three-dots-spread-vs-rest-operators543#toc-spread-operators

### 17 Generator and itrater
https://codeburst.io/understanding-generators-in-es6-javascript-with-examples-6728834016d5

java-script
https://www.fullstacktutorials.com/interviews/javascript-coding-questions-answers-6.html

https://www.fullstacktutorials.com/interviews/top-50-basic-javascript-interview-questions-and-answers-freshers-and-experienced-10.html

https://www.fullstacktutorials.com/interviews/advanced-javascript-interview-questions-and-answers-for-experienced-12.html

### 18) Why this keyword in not supported in arrow function 
also read the facebook comment 
https://medium.com/ph-devconnect/es6-arrow-function-is-simple-this-article-just-made-it-simpler-for-js-beginners-e5a944af7fc6


#### need to learn
https://medium.com/javascript-scene/master-the-javascript-interview-what-is-a-closure-b2f0d2152b36

### 19) Call bind and apply
https://blog.bitsrc.io/understanding-call-bind-and-apply-methods-in-javascript-33dbf3217be#:~:text=The%20call%2C%20bind%20and%20apply,and%20calls%20the%20function%20immediately.

